Best Buy is offering a long list of deals for Cyber Monday 2019 both online and in stores. You can save on products in every category, from laptops to smart home devices. And remember that Best Buy offers in-store pickup, which should at least help you avoid waiting in the main cashier line if you want to do some of your Cyber Monday shopping in person. Curbside pickup is also available for some products. These deals are competitive with what you’ll find from Amazon, Target, and other retailers. So if you’ve got any Best Buy gift cards sitting around, Cyber Monday is a prime opportunity to finally put them to use. If you’re like us, Cyber Monday is a time of the year that you wish never came to an end. It’s when you can get the absolute best deals on tech like big 4K TVs, gaming consoles, phones, laptops, and more. Alas, it only lasts for a short while, so you want to make the best of it. That’s where we come in. We’ve been tracking all of the deals that you need to know about from leading retailers like Walmart, Best Buy, GameStop, and Target, as well as online stores like Amazon, Newegg, B&H Photo, Microsoft Store, Samsung, Google Store, and more. There are thousands of deals available to you, but only a fraction of them are worth your attention and money. This holiday season, the popularity of online shopping collides with upheaval in cardboard recycling. China’s 2017 decision to turn away America’s trash has left the recycling industry reeling as it figures out what to do with all the packaging online shoppers leave behind.Some municipal recycling programs have closed. Even the ones that haven’t still have headaches: specifically, filthy recyclables. All of that leads to more cardboard in landfills.  The rise in curbside cardboard waste coming from packaging is “the Amazon effect,” says  David Biderman, the executive director of the Solid Waste Association of North America, an industry group. It peaks around the holidays — particularly as online shopping has only gotten more popular. Last year, Cyber Monday was the biggest shopping day for Amazon in the history of the company. The trend extends beyond the holidays: US Postal Service deliveries have doubled to 6.2 billion in 2018, from 3.1 billion in 2009.As Americans have gotten more enthusiastic about online shopping, China — which once welcomed almost half the world’s recyclables — has gotten more stringent about what it will accept. Starting in January 2018, China stopped accepting shipments of cardboard that are contaminated with more than 0.5 percent of other materials. “It’s very difficult for American material recovery facilities to satisfy that standard because Americans put plastic bags and chewing gum and bowling balls and dirty diapers and everything else you can imagine into the recycling containers,” Biderman says. The strict rules also apply to plastic and other recyclables, but cardboard and mixed paper have seen the sharpest drops in prices.All those packages, along with the stricter rules on recycling, mean more cardboard in the trash—especially during the holiday shopping season. Republic Services, a US waste hauler that operates in 42 states, expects each household to dispose of 25 percent more trash, or about 1,000 extra pounds, between Thanksgiving and New Year’s Day. But thanks to China’s new policies, there will be less money to be made recycling. “To use the word bluntly: that’s a crisis, an economic crisis in the viability of recycling in the US,” Richard Coupland, vice president of municipal sales at Republic Services, tells The Verge. Amazon says that it has eliminated more than 1.18 billion shipping boxes since 2008 through its sustainable packaging initiatives. It’s even threatened to fine third-party sellers for not reducing packaging waste. But Amazon’s strict standards have inadvertently led to a boom of repackaging centers that unbox and re-box goods to make them fit to ship — leaving behind even more garbage.Republic Services has seen about a 5 percent increase in the overall volume of cardboard it has picked up and resold for recycling over roughly the past seven years. But some locations have seen more dramatic increases. Sims Municipal Recycling, which takes in much of New York City’s recovered cardboard at one of the largest recycling facilities in North America, tells The Verge that corrugated cardboard — the kind boxes are made of — is almost half of the curbside recycling stream today. It was just 15 percent of curbside recycling 15 years ago.There has also been a noticeable shift in the source of the cardboard, says Coupland: it’s coming from peoples’ homes instead of brick-and-mortar businesses. That’s bad news, since retailers are less likely to generate cardboard that’s too filthy to be recycled. Consumers’ cardboard boxes are often mixed with other, dirty recyclables like ketchup bottles or soda cans that spill their contents over the cardboard. On average, about 25 to 30 percent of the materials picked up by a recycling truck are too contaminated to go anywhere but a landfill or incinerator, Coupland says. So the quality of cardboard being recycled today isn’t what it used to be, and it’s not nearly as valuable as it once was, thanks to China’s more stringent demands on cleanliness. Cities across the US are still scrambling to figure out where to send all their cardboard and plastics. There aren’t enough domestic paper mills yet to meet the demand, and the glut of recovered materials has led to a dramatic drop in the value of cardboard. Biderman estimates that there’s been a more than 50 percent decline in the price of recovered cardboard in the US since China’s decision. Coupland believes there’s actually been as much as an 80 to 100 percent devaluation in some markets. That’s a big reason why cities across the country are scaling back or completely dumping their recycling programs.  Recycling cardboard helps cut greenhouse gas emissions, too. Corrugated cardboard can be recycled into more of the same material seven times. After that, it can be turned into paperboard used in things like cereal containers. Without recycled cardboard, more trees need to be cut down, hauled to lumber yards, and pulped, which also means more emissions. “I think we need to be looking at it through that lens,” Biderman says.  Cyber Monday is Black Friday’s encore set, back with even more deals. Some are new, others are crowd favorites from a few days ago, all of them are worth checking out because they’ll soon be gone. And once they are, you’ll probably have to wait a while for prices to get this low again.Below, you’ll find all of the best Cyber Monday deals on a range of products, including laptops, headphones, gaming tech, PC components, phones, smart speakers, and more. We’ll be keeping this list up-to-date, organized by category, and within each category, the newest deals that we find will be listed first.Thanks for reading, and good luck on getting that deal.Updated at 9:17AM ET, December 2nd: Added an Amazon link for the Oculus Go, which is $119 for a limited time, the Fitbit Versa 2, which dropped to $129. The Google Nest Wifi two-pack also dropped in price at Amazon, down to $259 from $299. Facebook is releasing a new tool today that will allow its users to transfer photos directly to Google Photos. The tool is being released initially in Ireland, and will be available worldwide in the first half of 2020. “For almost a decade, we’ve enabled people to download their information from Facebook,” explains Steve Satterfield, director of privacy and public policy at Facebook. “The photo transfer tool we’re starting to roll out today is based on code developed through our participation in the open-source Data Transfer Project.”This Data Transfer Project also includes participants such as Apple, Google, Microsoft, Twitter, and others. Facebook says it’s starting with Google Photos initially, but other services could be included in the future. Facebook is testing the tool in Ireland, and it will refine it based on feedback from users.This tool will be useful for Google Photos users that don’t automatically backup pictures from their phones. If you’re a Facebook and Google Photos user who does backup photos, then it’s likely that most photos posted to the social network are already backed up on Google’s service. The term “artificial intelligence” was coined fairly recently in 1955, but the idea of smart machines that do our bidding has far deeper roots, going back to the ancient myths of Greece, India, and China. Perhaps that’s why AI has such an impact on our imagination, and why, in recent years, there’s been so much hype surrounding the technology. But AI is not a myth, nor is it a magical machine. It’s a technology like any other, that, after decades of research, has reached a new plateau of productivity. Cheap processing power and abundant data have made this possible, and AI and machine learning are now useful tools in a diverse range of fields, including astronomy, health care, transportation, and music. After years of promise, AI is finally becoming useful. But what usually happens to useful technologies is that they disappear. We forget about the things that just work, and we shouldn’t let that happen to AI. Any technology destined to change the world needs scrutiny, and AI, with its combination of huge imaginative presence and very real, very dangerous failings, needs that scrutiny more than most. So, for the AI Issue at The Verge, we’re taking a closer look at some of the ways artificial intelligence and machine learning are affecting technology right now — because it’s too late to understand something after it’s changed the world.  Disney entered the streaming market this year with the launch of its own streaming service, Disney+, home to Disney series and movies old and new. It’s proven to be a wildly popular competitor to Netflix and Hulu, with over 10 million people signing up on the day it launched.If you haven’t subscribed to it yet (and the free year of Disney+ for Verizon customers doesn’t apply to you), this Black Friday deal will save you some money. For a limited time, you can get $10 off of a year’s subscription to Disney+. That brings the annual subscription price down to $59.99 from $69.99. The deal is only valid in the United States and Puerto Rico, and does not include a free trial. After the year runs out, you’ll be charged $69.99 unless you deactivate the subscription.So whether you want to catch up on any Marvel releases you may have missed, or want to see Baby Yoda in The Mandalorian, or you just want to watch old Disney Channel Original Movies again, this is a pretty great deal. Walmart’s Cyber Monday deals have begun, and all of the special prices below will last for just one day, turning off at 11:59PM PT, which is 2:59AM ET, December 3rd. The retailer will be hosting Cyber Week discounts all week long, but we’re going to focus on the doorbuster deals that you’ll need to move quickly on. We’ll do our best to keep this post updated based on stock availability, as well as to account for new deals.Fitbit’s new Versa 2 smartwatch pictured above is $129 ($70 off). This is the biggest discount that we’ve seen yet, beating the Black Friday price by $20. It’s tough to imagine that this wearable will go much lower than this in 2019, so you may want to check out this deal if it’s on your list.Online shoppers can get a $450 gift card by purchasing and activating select phones on an AT&T or Verizon payment plan. To be eligible for the $450 gift card, you can purchase the Samsung Galaxy S10 or iPhone XS.Walmart is giving $400 gift cards to those who purchase and activate the iPhone XS Max, or iPhone XR. You can get a $300 gift card if you buy any of the iPhone 11 devices (including the 11, Pro, and Pro Max), or the Samsung Galaxy S10E.Cyber Monday is the last day to take advantage of the $149 Xbox One S All-Digital console bundle ($100 off) that includes Fortnite, Sea of Thieves, and Minecraft. It’s also the final day to get $20 off of Xbox One controllers, and if you’re a PS4 gamer, the same goes for DualShock 4 controllers. If you’re a current or prospective PC gamer, the Black Friday sales aren’t over quite yet. Cyber Monday has long been one of the best times to nab some choice components to build or upgrade a beastly gaming computer — and for Half-Life fans in particular, it may be time to seriously consider it.So here is our updated guide to the best PC part deals we’ve found so far at Amazon, Newegg, Best Buy, and more. Hopefully, there’s one among them that will bring you another great year of gaming.  Sonos’ Cyber Monday deals are much like its Black Friday deals. That’s because most of them are the same. However, it has added a few extra products to the list. You can still get the Beam soundbar for up to $100 off from through various retailers, and its Sub, Amp, and Playbar deals are active through Cyber Monday, too. But now, you can save on the Sonos One, the mic-less Sonos One SL, and the Sonos Play:5 speaker.Some retailers are offering Sonos deals, too. If better deals show up outside of Sonos’ site, we’ll let you know. In the meantime, here is our complete list of Sonos sale prices.The Sonos One (Gen 2) smart speaker with Alexa support is $149 ($50 off) through Sonos, and at Amazon, B&H Photo and Best Buy.If you want to save some money, and are totally fine with a speaker that doesn’t have voice command support, the Sonos One SL is $129. It’s available through Sonos, B&H Photo, Amazon, and Best Buy.The last new addition for Cyber Monday is the Sonos Play:5, its biggest speaker. It’s $100 off, bringing it down to $399. This deal is at Sonos, Amazon, Best Buy and B&H Photo.The Sonos Beam is $319 (usually $399) at Sonos and Best Buy. Amazon goes a step further by offering it for $299, an extra $20 off. There have been more gaming deals this year for Black Friday and Cyber Monday than perhaps any other category of tech. If you’re a gamer, that’s obviously a good problem to have. GameStop’s new (but mostly the same) Cyber Monday deals give you even more to chew on. Starting at 12AM ET on Cyber Monday, you can get big discounts on games (including a buy-two-get-one deal on pre-owned games), consoles (both pre-owned and new bundles), accessories, such as controllers, and more. If you’ve already taken advantage of the big PS4 and Xbox One deals this holiday shopping season, perhaps you could stock up on old consoles and games? I recently became swept up in nostalgia for the PS1 (for no reason whatsoever) and picked up a PS Vita from GameStop so I can replay all of those classics.Whether you want to shop online or at your local GameStop, you’ll have the same assortment of deals to choose from on gaming consoles, software, accessories, and more. These deals end on Wednesday, December 3rd. Microsoft has a few new deals up its sleeve for Cyber Monday. In addition to its huge, excellent price cut on the new Surface Pro 7 that you should check out below, you can get the Oculus Rift S for free with select gaming PCs, granted most of them cost over $2,000.The Surface Pro 7 (Intel Core i5, 8GB RAM, 128GB storage) comes bundled with a black Type Cover (usually sold separately) for $799. This model is usually priced at $899 for the tablet alone, this is a great deal given how recently this product was released.If you want a Surface Pro 7 but don’t need the extra power brought along with the i5 processor and 8GB of RAM, the low-end option (i3, 4GB RAM, 128GB storage) has been marked down $150 and includes a Type Cover. Instead of $749, it costs $599.The Microsoft Surface Go, its smallest Surface available, will be marked down by as much as $150 on November 28th. The cheapest configuration (Intel 4415Y processor, 4GB RAM, 64GB storage) is $299.Xbox One S and X consoles are still steeply discounted, starting at $150 for the Xbox One S All-Digital console, and $350 for the Xbox One S (including all bundles available). For Cyber Monday, Microsoft is including free digital codes for Anthem.The Oculus Rift S is $50 off at the Microsoft Store. Alternatively, you can get this VR headset for free with purchase of any of the following gaming PCs:Samsung’s Galaxy Note 10 and Note 10 Plus is $200 off, bringing the unlocked phones down to $749 and $899, respectively. Each phone will come with a free set of Samsung’s truly wireless headphones, the Galaxy Buds. Amazon is known for having almost everything in stock, and most of the times, it’s able to sell tech for less than other retailers, too. Now that Cyber Monday is here, we’ve hunted for the best deals on Amazon-made devices, such as Eero mesh Wi-Fi systems, Echo smart speakers, Echo Show displays, and Ring smart home tech. Additionally, many of the best deals that we’ve seen on LG 4K HDR OLED TVs, noise-canceling headphones, video games and consoles, phones, and more are happening on Amazon.Aside for the tech that Amazon makes itself, its pricing on other products tends to be more volatile than other retailers, meaning prices will likely fluctuate throughout Cyber Monday. If you’re not seeing the prices we have noted below, you might not be out of luck, or the lowered price may reappear. But should something sell out, we’ll do our best to keep this post updated to reflect that.(Note: the newest deals will be added to the top of the list) Black Friday brought about some fantastic deals on some of the latest phones, including Google’s Pixel 4, the OnePlus 7 Pro, Samsung Galaxy Note 10, and more. For Cyber Monday, those deals continue, though you’re time to checkout with these lowered prices is running out.Below, we’ll list the best deals that are currently happening on unlocked Android phones, as well as a few carrier deals on iPhones. Sadly, there aren’t straight discounts on recent iPhone models, but if you’re planning on activating on Verizon or AT&T, you can stand to save some a ton of money on Cyber Monday.If you’re looking for a discount on an iPhone 11 Pro, you may be able to buy one at Best Buy for as little as $499 (roughly half off). To do that, you’ll need to activate a new line with an installment plan on Verizon, AT&T, or Sprint, and also trade in your old phone. How much you pay overall will depend on how much trade-in value your phone has.A similar deal applies to the less expensive iPhone 11 at Best Buy, which normally has a $699 starting price. After activating it on Verizon, AT&T or Sprint, and trading in your old phone, the final cost after your installment plan is paid off will be $199.Over at Target, the iPhone deals kick off on Black Friday and last through Sunday. You can get a $200 gift card when you activate either the iPhone 11, iPhone 11 Pro, or iPhone 11 Pro Max with Verizon or AT&T. Target will also offer a $200 gift card for the iPhone XS or iPhone XS Max, which cost less per month than the iPhone 11 Pro or Pro Max Updated 10:46AM ET, December 1st: Amazon now has stock of the seventh-generation iPad in gold and space grey for $229, so we’ve added that below.Black Friday and Cyber Monday have been generous to people who are looking for discounts on Apple products, like iPads, Apple Watches, MacBooks of various kinds, and more. It’s fairly uncommon to find discounts on the newest of the new Apple tech, but those are exactly the kind of deals you’ll find below. That is, depending on the retailer you’re buying from. Apple itself isn’t offering price cuts, but is including gift cards with select purchases detailed below. For some products that haven’t seen a dip in price over Cyber Monday, like the Apple TV 4K, that’s pretty nice.We expect most of the big deals we’ve been seeing on Apple products to quiet down as Cyber Monday gets on, but until each sale ends, we’ll catalog each one that’s still available.The 2019 MacBook Air with a dual-core Intel Core i5 CPU, 8GB of RAM, and 128GB of SSD storage is still $200 off at Best Buy, starting at $899.99.The 2019 iteration of the 13-inch MacBook Pro is $200 off as well at Best Buy, starting at $1,099. Compared to the Air, this one has a quad-core Intel Core i5 processor, 8GB of RAM, 128GB of SSD storage, and a Touch Bar. Right now, Best Buy is offering a $300 discount on the step-up configuration. For $1,199, you can get the model with 256GB of storage.The Apple Watch Series 3 appears to be, depending on the retailer, completely out of stock, or just back up to its original price. So, unless you see otherwise in this post later on, there aren’t any big deals on this model to speak of.However, we’re still seeing a deal worth jumping on for the Apple Watch Series 5 smartwatch. Amazon and Costco are offering the best prices for the GPS models in both sizes, 40 and 44mm.Note: to get the deal at Amazon, just add either size to your cart, then the discount will apply at checkout. At Costco, non-members will have a five percent fee tacked onto the total.If you were hoping to see a big price cut on the new Apple AirPods Pro, only Amazon offers one, and it’s a tiny $15 discount. It’s better than nothing, but $235 might not be the Cyber Monday steal you were hoping for. (Amazon says these will ship in one to two months, but that shipping window could improve.)For the second-generation AirPods with a standard (plug-in) charging case, Best Buy has them for $139.99 ($20 off), as does B&H Photo at this price. Amazon, too, offers them at $139.99, (though the current shipping window is one to three weeks). They’re $144.99 ($15 off) at Walmart and at Target.The second-generation AirPods that include a wireless charger-ready case are the most affordable at B&H Photo for $159.99 ($40 off). They’re in stock for $164.99 at Best Buy and at Walmart. If you hit dead ends elsewhere, they’re $169.99 at Target.You won’t find great Cyber Monday deals on the newer iPad mini, iPad Air, or the 2018 iPad Pro (aside from Apple’s gift card offers above). The biggest discounts are on Apple’s brand new seventh-generation iPad with a 10.2-inch display, Smart Connector for the company’s keyboard, and a little more RAM than you’ll find in the previous generation.Welcome to the loneliest section of this post, where you’ll find just one deal on Apple’s HomePod smart speaker. It’s usually $299, but you can find it for $199 at Best Buy. Almost every current Google product in existence was deeply discounted over Black Friday, and those sales have continued into Cyber Monday. But you don’t have much longer to take advantage of these deals. Google’s new Pixel 4 is $200 off of its usual price until late on December 2nd. Other big deals, like on its Nest Wifi routers and points, will last until December 4th.Below, we’ll be going through all of the details of each sale, including the end times for the discounts. It’s possible that some retailers might stretch the deals on further than the Google Store’s own cut-off times, and in some cases, they might end sooner. Updated 4:43PM ET November 30th: Amazon is offering a $25 gift card when you buy a Switch Lite, so we’ve added a link in.Nintendo’s Switch Lite likely won’t be dropping in price any time soon, so the best deals we have to work with in the meantime are the rare promos, much like Amazon and GameStop’s Black Friday sale happening right now. Until Sunday night, on the eve of Cyber Monday, GameStop will include a $25 gift card with the $199.99 Switch Lite.Amazon has since jumped in on this deal, just enter the code UUDDLRLRBA at checkout to get a $25 Amazon gift card (the credit will show up on your account after seven days.Back to GameStop, this deal works with any color (turquoise, yellow, grey), as well as with Nintendo’s limited edition Pokémon Sword and Shield edition model that’s grey with red and blue colored face buttons and sticks. All models are available online, and if you choose to buy one from GameStop’s site, the gift card will be emailed to you. Check your local store’s inventory before you head out, and when you pick it up, GameStop will hand over the gift card when you buy the console.If you’re thinking about getting the Switch Lite, the only thing you need to keep in mind is that, unlike the regular Switch with detachable Joy-Cons, the Lite cannot be docked and displayed on your TV. That’s because it can’t output video through its USB-C charging port. otherwise, the experiences mirror each other exactly, aside from the size differences.One other thing to note: Samsung’s 512GB microSD card is $64.99 at Amazon. It has never been cheaper, and it’s a hefty amount of storage for your new Switch Lite. It’s no longer Black Friday, which means that some of the deals have been swept away with the night. However, there are still plenty (and by that, I mean a lot) of deals available to you to shop. For those remaining deals, Saturday is likely to be the last day you’ll be able to take advantage of them. Cyber Monday is coming on Monday, December 2nd, and that Black Friday deal you may have missed out on just might make another appearance — but you’ll be rolling the dice if you count on it.Here are a few of our favorite deals that are still active. Update, 9:30AM ET, November 30th, 2019: The coupon for this discount is no longer available and the price has gone back up to $140.99.In May, we introduced you to high-wattage USB-C PD external batteries that can charge a full-size laptop on the go — not just a phone — and the $150 Zendure SuperTank was one of our top picks thanks to its (relatively) compact size and price. But for Black Friday, the SuperTank is now more affordable than it’s been since its Kickstarter campaign — just $100.99 after coupon code at Amazon. For the price, you’ll get a 27,000mAh (roughly 100Wh) capacity — enough to fully charge a  15-inch MacBook Pro, and most of the 16-inch MacBook Pro’s larger battery too — and the ability to charge several gadgets at once with one 100W USB-C port, one 60W USB-C port, one 18W USB-A port, and one 15W USB-A port. If you’re looking for a battery that’s a little longer and less stout, you might also take a look at Sanho / Hyper’s similar HyperJuice battery, which I personally use myself to give my Dell XPS 15 many additional hours of life  — it’s currently on sale for $174.99 ($75 off) including the 100W USB-C PD charger that you’ll need to charge it up one of these giant batteries in a reasonable length of time. You can use any USB-C charger for either of these batteries — like, say, the 87W one that comes with a 15-inch MacBook Pro — but if you try to use a USB-C phone charger to top up the battery, you may be waiting quite a while. Black Friday is the best time of the year for the gaming fans who’ve felt like they didn’t have the budget or the time to pick up every new hit title on release day. I find myself in that category, as someone who played Insomniac’s excellent Spider-Man a year late (currently on Black Friday sale for $14.99 at Best Buy) and still has quite a few 2019 game of the year contenders sitting in my backlog. Thankfully, this weekend is the time of the year when you can pull together between $50 and $100 and pick up a truly great collection of four or five games on the cheap. While Black Friday is a great time to pick up old games for as little as the cost of a Fortnite battle pass (please play Bloodborne and God of War if you haven’t already, they’re currently $10 each), it’s also a good opportunity to pick up some of the year’s newest releases at a heavy discount. Sometimes, you can a find a game that is just a few months old for up to 50 percent off. We’ve compiled a list of some of the year’s top reviewed titles that are on sale through the weekend for Black Friday, many of which just so happen to be on our own Best Games of 2019 list. You can’t go wrong with any of these purchases. If you’ve been waiting to upgrade your Apple Watch, or you’re a first-time buyer, Black Friday 2019 has been ripe with big deals on Apple’s lineup of smartwatches. Eagle-eyed shoppers might have quickly swept up Walmart’s doorbuster sale that had the Apple Watch Series 3 down to $129 — its lowest price by a cool $70 — which we featured in our larger guide to Apple’s Black Friday deals. But there are still some opportunities to save, whether you’re interested in Apple’s more affordable Series 3 watch, or its more capable Series 5.Walmart has sold through its inventory of Apple’s 38mm and 42mm Series 3 watches with GPS capability, which were sold earlier today for $129 and $149, respectively. As far as what else Walmart does have in stock, you can buy the Series 3 38mm watch with GPS and cellular capabilities for $229.Target has limited stock of the 38mm Series 3 watch with GPS, but not at Walmart’s low price. It’s $169, and is currently only available for pick-up at certain stores. Still, that’s $30-$60 cheaper than it sold for last year at Black Friday. And if you are able to find this watch at Target (or make any other purchase over $50 today), you’ll get a 20-percent off coupon for you to use on a future purchase. If you’re dead-set on the Series 3, there’s currently not much else to choose from at Target.Best Buy is also offering the 38mm Series 3 watch, though its starting price is the highest at $189. It currently doesn’t offer the 42mm version of this model, and its prices for the GPS and cellular version of the watch is oddly in the $500 range.B&H Photo is offering the Series 3 in the 38mm size for $189, like Best Buy. It is also selling the 42mm size at $219 (it’s backordered, but B&H is still taking orders). Neither are the best prices we’ve seen during Black Friday, but they’re not so bad if you really wanted to pick this one up today.While Walmart had the best deal on the Series 3, the newer Series 5 was at its cheapest-ever price at Amazon and Costco. Granted, that discount was no more than $30 off of its usual sale price, but it brings this close enough to the price of Apple’s Series 4 watches that they’re easier to recommend splurging on, if only for the always-on display that, somehow, doesn’t have much of a negative impact on its battery life.If you’re looking for these watches, you won’t have to jump around from retailer-to-retailer as much. These deals started before Black Friday, and both retailers have shown no sign of running out of stock. The GPS version of the 40mm Series 5 smartwatch is down to $354.99 (Amazon and Costco), which is $24 off of its usual price. The 44mm version Series 5 is $384.99 (Amazon and Costco), which is also $24 cheaper than usual.It’s worth noting that for the Amazon deal, you’ll need to add the Series 5 watch to your cart to see the discount reflected in the total. If you’re buying from Costco, you don’t need to be member, but you’ll need to pay a five percent fee when you check out.Other retailers like Best Buy and Target sell this model, but they’re currently around $40-50 more expensive than the ones listed above. The LG G8 ThinQ isn’t the most amazing phone in the whole wide world, but it might just be the best bang for the buck this Black Friday. In April, we wrote that “you’ll get a lot of phone for your money” if you managed to find it at $699 — but today, you can snap up the unlocked version for just $400 at Amazon! That’s $450 off the original price.For that money, you’ll be getting a sharp 6.1-inch OLED-screened handset that works on any GSM or CDMA carrier and comes with flagship specs, including a Snapdragon 855 processor, 6GB of RAM, 128GB of storage, a large 3,500 mAh battery, twin rear cameras (including wide angle before wide angle was cool), a rear fingerprint sensor and an honest-to-goodness 3.5mm headphone jack with a high fidelity quad-DAC. If you’re still kicking around with wired headphones, LG is consistently one of the best brands to plug them into.As a $850 phone, it felt pretty gimmicky, and the company doesn’t have the best track record with timely software updates. Plus, the G8X is now out with its dual screens at $700 on sale. But $400 for the G8 is a solid deal.Still, you may want to check out our guide to all the best Black Friday phone deals before you commit — because $300 for a Pixel 3A or Razer Phone 2 is also solid savings for an amazing camera or speedy screen, and you can find the brand-new Pixel 4 and excellent Galaxy S10e at around the $600 mark. China has released a new government policy designed to prevent the spread of fake news and misleading videos created using artificial intelligence, otherwise known as deepfakes. The new rule, reported earlier today by Reuters, bans the publishing of false information or deepfakes online without proper disclosure that the post in question was created with AI or VR technology. Failure to disclose this is now a criminal offense, the Chinese government says. The rules go into effect on January 1st, 2020, and will be enforced by the Cyberspace Administration of China. “With the adoption of new technologies, such as deepfake, in online video and audio industries, there have been risks in using such content to disrupt social order and violate people’s interests, creating political risks and bringing a negative impact to national security and social stability,” the CAC said in a notice to online video hosting websites on Friday, according to the South China Morning Post. China’s stance is a broad one, and it appears the Chinese government is reserving the right to prosecute both users and image and video hosting services for failing to abide by the rules. But it does mirror similar legislation introduced in the US that is designed to combat deepfakes. Last month, California became the first US state to criminalize the use of deepfakes in political campaign promotion and advertising. The law, called AB 730 and signed by Gov. Gavin Newsom, makes it a crime to publish audio, imagery, or video that gives a false, damaging impression of a politician’s words or actions. California’s law does not use the word deepfake, but it’s clear the AI-manufactured fakes are the primary culprit, along with videos misleadingly edited to frame someone in a negative light. California’s approach does exclude news media, as well as parody and satire, with the sole aim for now being to prevent the potential damage that deepfake attack ads could cause when used in the run-up to an election. The law applies to candidates within 60 days of an election and it’s designed to expire by 2023 unless explicitly reenacted. Congress is also in the process of analyzing the potential harm of deepfakes and how best to combat their influence in the upcoming 2020 presidential election. The House Intelligence Committee held a hearing on the subject after convening a panel of experts from universities and think tanks to come up with a deepfake strategy with regard to election integrity and security. There are also numerous pieces of legislation moving through Congress at the moment that would require special watermarks over or disclosures around fake or misleading media, as well as criminalization of the creation and distribution of such video. On the US platform side, Facebook and Twitter are in the process of creating better tools for detecting deepfakes and helping reduce the spread of those videos and imagery across the respective platforms. Twitter this month said it was drafting deepfake policy after a number of high-profile incidents, including a misleadingly edited video of House Speaker Nancy Pelosi going viral, that have highlighted how vulnerable the company’s platform is to misinformation of this variety. Facebook, which also faced criticism for failing to stop the spread of the Pelosi video, has begun developing technology to detect deepfakes, but it notably has refused to remove such videos in line with its policy on speech. Similarly, Facebook has come under fire for allowing politicians to knowingly lie in advertisements, opening up the future possibility of deepfake political ads in the absence of federal legislation. CEO Mark Zuckerberg has said his company does not want to regulate speech on the platform. Twitter took the opposite stance and announced an outright ban on all political advertising last month.   Black Friday is one the best times of the year to pick up popular games, consoles, and gaming accessories at huge discounts, and it can be overwhelming keeping track of all of the deals across every retailer. That’s sort of a good problem to have; it means that there’s no shortage of deals for the Nintendo Switch, Sony PlayStation 4, and the Xbox One X and S. If you’re a PC gamer, we’ve also pulled together the best deals on PC gaming components happening before or on Black Friday.We’d already been tracking all of the console deals by platform, but we’ve also just added a whole bunch of individual game deals for Black Friday too — so you can easily find the best deal on exactly what you’re looking for over the holidays. We’ll be updating this post today to add new deals and strike through outdated offers.Sony’s PS4 Pro console is now $100 off at a variety of retailers, making it $299.99. This deal is happening at Amazon, Target, Best Buy, Walmart, and GameStop (this retailer offers a $25 gift card with purchase).The PS4 Slim console with 1TB of storage is $199 (usually $299), and it will include three games with the purchase: The Last of Us Remastered, God of War, and Horizon Zero Dawn. Best Buy, Amazon, Target, and Walmart honor this deal.DualShock 4 controllers (for PS4, and supported officially by Android 10 and iOS 13 devices) are $38.99 at Walmart and Amazon. Best Buy and Target have them for $39.99. GameStop will sell them starting on Thanksgiving Day for $38.99.The PlayStation VR bundle to get is at Best Buy where, for $199.99, you get the headset and five games (PlayStation VR Worlds, The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim, Astro Bot: Rescue Mission, Resident Evil 7, and Everybody’s Golf VR). If you would rather have PlayStation Move controllers than a plethora of games, PlayStation VR headset bundled with two Move controllers, as well as Blood & Truth and Everybody’s Golf VR for $249.99 at Amazon (usually $299.99)PlayStation Plus one-year subscriptions are 25 percent off at the PlayStation Store, as well as at Amazon, bringing it down to $44.99. That’s $15 off, a solid deal if you’re going to renew anyway.Sony’s PlayStation Store is hosting a Black Friday sale on games. If you’re alright with digital games instead of discs, check it out for big savings on the latest games.If you’re looking for deals on physical games, here are some highlights: Microsoft’s 4K-ready Xbox One X is $349 at several retailers, a $150 discount that amounts to the biggest drop in price we’ve seen yet for this console. Better yet, you might be able to find a game or two (or a controller) tossed in as a freebie with your purchase.Here’s the best deal: the Xbox One X console comes bundled with Star Wars Jedi: Fallen Order for $349 at Amazon, Best Buy, Walmart,  Microsoft Store.All standalone Xbox One X consoles are $349 at Best Buy, Walmart, and Microsoft Store. If you purchase one at Target on Black Friday, it will include a $40 gift card and Gears 5. At Costco, the console includes an extra wireless controller with purchase.If you don’t want to spend as much, the Xbox One S starts at $149 on Black Friday. Several console bundles is available for $199, which is still a great deal, especially if you’re after one of the Xbox One S models that has a 4K Blu-ray disc drive.Here’s the best deal: the Xbox One S console comes bundled with Star Wars Jedi: Fallen Order for $199 at Walmart, Best Buy, and Microsoft Store.Xbox One S 1TB All-Digital (disc-less) console costs $149 (usually $249), and it will come with Sea of Thieves, Minecraft, and Fortnite. You’ll be able to find this deal at Amazon, Walmart, Target, Best Buy, and Microsoft Store.Xbox One controllers (for use with an Xbox One console, Windows 10 PC, as well as select games on Android 10 and iOS 13 devices) cost $39.99 at Amazon, Best Buy, Target, Walmart, and Microsoft Store. That’s $20 off of the regular price.If you’re looking for deals on physical games, here are some highlights: During Black Friday 2019, you won’t find price cuts on the new Nintendo Switch Lite or the revised Switch with improved battery life. That leaves us with the original launch version of the console, which is what you’ll get with this holiday’s bundle. The Nintendo Switch costs $299 and includes Mario Kart 8 Deluxe with purchase at Best Buy, Target, and Walmart. GameStop will include a $25 gift card with purchase.GameStop announced that it will sell the Nintendo Switch Lite for $199.99, and it will include a $25 gift card with purchase. This is the only deal on the Switch Lite to speak of, so far at least.Switch Joy-Con pairs (gray and neon red and blue) is $59 (usually $79). These rarely see a discount, so pick up a set to have a few extra controllers on hand at Amazon, Best Buy and Target. The Genki USB-C adapter that allows for easy connectivity with your Bluetooth headphones is $39.99 starting on Black Friday and through Cyber Monday (usually $49.99).Nintendo often goes years without discounting games, but here’s some rare Black Friday deals on Switch titles: The Sega Genesis Mini is $49.99 at Target. It’s usually $79.99.As the latest gaming platform to hit the market, I wasn’t expecting there to be a deal on Stadia just yet. However, the Google Store announced that for Black Friday, its Stadia Premiere Edition bundle (usually costs $129; combines a controller, Chromecast Ultra, and three months of Stadia Pro) will come included with a three-pack of Nest Wifi networking devices (one router, two points) for $398. (By itself, it normally costs $348.)You’ll need a solid Wi-Fi signal to enjoy some cloud gaming, and while this deal hasn’t started yet, there’s currently no other way to get this big of a discount on Stadia. As you’ve probably seen on The Verge, we’ve been rounding up all of the best Black Friday deals on laptops, truly wireless earbuds, gaming tech, 4K TVs, and plenty of other kinds of tech for the past few weeks. Many well-rated products that our team has reviewed are cheaper than ever, so if you haven’t had a chance to jump into shopping for yourself, or for some lucky people, you’re right on time to snag some excellent deals.Many retailers, such as Best Buy, Walmart, Target, as well as online stores like Amazon, Newegg, B&H Photo, and more have been saving their very best deals for today. Whether you’re planning to drive to your local store, or leisurely shop online without much effort, you’ll find all of the best Black Friday deals below.Some of these deals will last for today only, turning off when the doors close, or online when the date switches to Saturday, November 30th. If you miss out, Cyber Monday on Monday, December 2nd will be your next opportunity to save on gifts for the holiday, but there’s no guarantee that the deals will be as good.(Note: the newest deals will be added to the top of each section)Phones have become our computers, our wallets, and in some cases, our keys. They’re everything, and smartwatches are an extension of that utility. And if you’re in the market for an upgrade, it’s a good idea to look at Black Friday deals because — this year especially — the latest tech won’t cost you nearly as much as it normally does.If you’ve been toying with the idea of buying a 4K HDR TV or have been wanting to upgrade your current setup, 2019 has proven to be a great year — both for low prices and quality. If you need a little guidance on what kind of TV suites your living space the best, The Verge’s Jon Porter wrote a handy guide that breaks down sizes, screen technologies you should care about, and more.If you want the absolute best visual fidelity from your games, you won’t get it with anything other than a souped-up gaming PC. Black Friday is one of the best opportunities of the year to save on PC components, either for building your PC from scratch, or upgrading a few long-in-the-tooth parts that have seen better days.Whether you’re a gamer who demands powerful specs, or someone who just wants a well-built laptop, Black Friday has brought some great deals on laptops that will suit both kinds of people. Specs, features, and accessories that used to cost a small fortune are now a little more attainable.If you’re obsessed with music or podcasts, it won’t take long to get a return on investment with even a pricey set of headphones. Whether you’re interested in canceling out the noise in your apartment building, or you just need a wire-free companion to bring on your commute, you can find big discounts on the best models during Black Friday.We’re nearing the beginning of a new console generation in 2020 (albeit much later in the year) with the PS5 and Microsoft’s Project Scarlett. For some people, that means holding off on buying old tech. For others, it’s the perfect time to buy. You have a bunch of amazing games to play, and it’s never been cheaper to splurge.The premise of making your home into a smart home used to be batty, but not only is it now  practical, it’s affordable. Black Friday deals on video doorbells, mesh Wi-Fi routers, smart speakers, smart displays, and more will help you add a few IQ points to your home without gutting your bank account.Many modern tablets have good enough hardware and software that you can get away with using them as a quick laptop replacement. In Apple and Google’s case below, it’s becoming more plausible to use either company’s most recent model as your sole portable device. And better yet, they’re cheaper than ever, leaving you with extra cash to buy some extra accessories for the road.Some gifts don’t fall evenly into a category, but they’re nevertheless worth your consideration. Below, you’ll find some great deals on popular tech products. The creators of Cards Against Humanity are back for their annual Black Friday stunt, and this one is delightfully dystopian. Starting at 11AM ET today and lasting for the next 16 hours, the human writers on the CAH team are facing off against an artificial intelligence to see who can create the most popular new pack of cards, based on how many people pay for more $5 packs. You can upvote or downvote your favorite cards for each side on CAH’s website before buying, and you can also watch the humans struggle to come up with new iterations in real time over live stream. On the line are $5,000 bonuses for every employee if team human comes up victorious, or heartless termination in the event the AI takes the top spot. We don’t think CAH actually plans to fire their writers if they lose, but it is a clever stunt nonetheless to drum up the human vs. machine narrative at a time when automation may pose a very real threat to millions of jobs in the coming decade, writing included. For Black Friday, we taught a computer how to write Cards Against Humanity cards. Now we put it to the test. Over the next 16 hours, our writers will battle this powerful card-writing algorithm to see who can write the most popular new pack of cards. https://t.co/BOZ5cuuEJkIt follows the company’s tradition of pulling Nathan For You-style capitalism parodies on the most commercial day of the American calendar year. Last year, CAH held a 99 percent off sale on a series of outlandish items like a 17th-century halberd and a 2015 Ford Fiesta with just 25,000 miles on it. (The company reportedly did ship some of the items in the sale, at least those that were sourced from its own office.) In 2013, the company raised the price of its card packs by 100 percent, just because it could. “Black Friday probably represents the worst things about our culture,” Cards Against Humanity co-creator Max Temkin said in a statement last year. “It’s this really repulsive consumerist frenzy right after a day about being thankful for what you have. So it’s always seemed like a really good subject for parody to us.” This year, CAH is both live streaming the human writers room and updating a live list of the most popular AI-generated and human-written cards that will make it into the eventual physical card packs, which will be shipped out next month. (You can buy both if you so choose.) Some of my AI favorites include “Some sort of giant son of a bitch who lives in the internet” and “Sitting in the back of the plane, smoking a cigar and reading the Flickr privacy policy,” the latter of which settles the age-old debate of whether a malevolent AI bent on destroying humanity is for or against the Oxford comma. And in keeping with CAH’s absurd commitment to the gag, the AI isn’t just some random text generator. It’s a legitimate neural network, borrowed from the open source GPT-2 model created by AI research company OpenAI and trained specifically to write CAH cards. The GPT-2 model is already trained on roughly 40,000 books worth of internet text to ensure it can reliably predict and fill out the next word or punctuation mark in a sentence with realistic effect. But then CAH went further and trained it using tens of thousands of its own cards. “This was done by taking that pre-trained network and then training it further on the text of 44,000 white cards. That includes all (roughly) 2,000 cards in the official game, another 25,000 internal brainstorming cards that never made it into the game, and 17,000 unofficial cards from fan-curated lists,” reads the in-depth explanation of the AI on CAH’s website. “We stopped the training once it could “consistently” produce cards matching the grammar and tone of the game,” it goes on. “We did this so it didn’t draw too much from already-written cards while still leveraging as much cultural information as possible.” After that, CAH ran a straightforward filtering algorithm to ensure it could pluck out AI-generated cards that matched its standard format and to avoid ones that were too similar to existing cards. As it stands right now, the human team is narrowly beating out the AI by just $700 or so, with some gems like “Sucking all the oil out of the planet and fucking off to Mars” and “That whole Jeffrey Epstein thing.”  Walmart’s Black Friday sale are happening in-store and online all over the country. Like other retailers, there are impressive deals on the seventh-generation iPad, PS4 Slim, and more. It hosted the best deal on the Apple Watch Series 3 that we had ever seen (for $129), but unsurprisingly, it sold out quickly. You’ll be able to take advantage of any of the deals below right now, and in the cases when competing retailers offer a better deal, we’ll let you know. Apple’s new seventh-generation iPad (Wi-Fi, 32GB) is $249 (usually $329). We’re seeing similar deals happening at other retailers, but it’s still hard not to emphasize how big of a deal this is. This model just released a few months ago, and while it has the same processor as the previous model, it has a bigger screen, an extra gigabyte of RAM, and a Smart Connector port, adding support for the Smart Keyboard.HP’s Chromebook 15 (with a 15.6-inch display, 8th Gen Intel Core i3, 4GB RAM, 128GB of storage) is $299 (usually $469). This model has a backlit keyboard, and for the money, looks better than most options at this price range.HP’s Pavilion gaming desktop costs $579 and will be down to $499 on Black Friday, and for the money, it has some very decent specs. Inside, you’ll find a 9th Gen Intel Core i5 CPU, 8GB of RAM, Nvidia’s GTX 1660 Ti graphics card, and 256GB of SSD storage. This package includes a keyboard and mouse with purchase.The second-generation Apple AirPods truly wireless headphones are $129, down from their $144 sale price. This is the best price that we’ve seen from a major retailer. It’s worth noting that this model doesn’t include a wireless charging case, so you’ll need to power it via its Lightning port. Still, that’s not bad at all for the latest AirPods.The Apple Watch Series 3 (GPS, 38mm) is $129. You can get it on Amazon for $169.99 and Best Buy is selling it for $189. We’ve only just started to see the third-generation Apple Watch drop below its $199 retail price, but this is by far the largest price drop yet. If you want the bigger 42mm model, Walmart will have limited quantities of it for $159.Walmart is offering up to $700 in gift cards when you activate certain iPhones and Samsung phones with an installment plan on AT&T, Verizon, or Sprint, and trade in your old phone. As for how much you’ll get in return for your old phone, it varies on the model (you don’t need to trade in a phone to get the gift card), and how big of a gift card you get depends on the phone you’re interested in buying. Here’s the breakdown:The Fitbit Versa Lite smartwatch will be $99 (usually $159) during Black Friday at Walmart. If you don’t need a watch that has built-in Wi-Fi or the ability to track runs via GPS, this model will cost what Fitbit’s more limited trackers usually sell for.Several Google products are discounted right now at Walmart, including the Google Nest Hub smart display for $79 It usually costs $129, so this is a small but welcome discount. The Google Home smart speaker that regularly costs $100 is down to $49.Sony’s PlayStation 4 Slim 1TB console is $199 (originally $299), and it includes three games with purchase: The Last of Us Remastered, God of War, and Horizon: Zero Dawn. Best Buy already has a similar deal and Target will also host this deal in case you strike out trying to find one at Walmart.If you’re hunting for an Xbox One at Walmart, you’ll find most of the same great deals that you’ll also find at other retailers. All Xbox One X consoles are $349 (usually $499). The Xbox One S 1TB All-Digital console (without a disc drive) is $149 (usually $249). The Xbox One S bundle that includes the new Star Wars: Jedi Fallen Order is $199.When Walmart’s Black Friday deals start, the Nintendo Switch will cost $299 (its regular price), and will include a free download code for Mario Kart 8 Deluxe. Almost all major retailers will host this deal, too. (Note that this is the launch version of the console, not the newer, improved model with better battery life in portable mode.) Roku’s Ultra streaming device that’s capable of 4K HDR resolution is $48 (usually $99). Compared to the Chromecast Ultra, or the Apple TV 4K, this one stands out with its expansive app store and its capable voice remote, which has a 3.5mm headphone jack so you can watch TV privately.A Philips 65-inch 4K TV with Android TV software built-in is $278 (usually $499) on Black Friday. You don’t need me to tell you that this is a lot of TV for the money, and this option won’t require an extra streaming device to watch content from Netflix, Hulu, HBO Now, and more.Google’s Smart TV kit that includes a Google Home Mini and Chromecast is $35, which is the usual price for the Chromecast by itself. It comes with a $10 Vudu credit, which you can use to buy a few movies or TV shows. Target’s Black Friday deals are underway, both in-store and online. Like every other store, you can find big price cuts on popular products, like Sony noise-canceling headphones, gaming consoles, and Apple products. Most of Target’s deals are similar to what else you can find at Best Buy and Amazon, but it stands out with a few noteworthy deals. During Black Friday, you’ll get a 20 percent off coupon on future purchases (used between 12/3-14) if you spend at least $50. As far as when you’ll be able to get in on these deals, It says that its deals, including the ones below, will last until Saturday, November 30th.Apple’s seventh-generation iPad (10.2-inch display, pictured above) is $249.99, which is a steep $80 discount from its usual $329.99 price. We’ve seen discounts on this model before, but none as big as this one. If you were looking for a new iPad that won’t cost you too much, keep an eye on this Black Friday deal.The 38mm-sized Watch with GPS capability is $169.99, down from its usual price by $30. This isn’t the lowest price we’ve seen during Black Friday (Walmart had it briefly for $129, but it quickly sold out), but Target is one of the few retailers to have this model in stock.The 4K HDR-enabled Roku Streaming Stick+ is $20 off at Target. This brings the price down to $29, which makes this one of the most affordable ways to get a streaming device that supports Apple TV Plus.Nintendo Switch consoles (excluding the Switch Lite) include a free copy of Mario Kart 8 Deluxe with purchase. This bundle costs $299.99, so there’s no discount on the total, but a free game, especially one that’s this good, is a solid value if you are buying a Switch or gifting one. Just keep in mind that it’s the older launch version of the Switch, and that this deal will be available at several other retailers during Black Friday.You’ll need some games to go with your new Switch, and Target will be offering a few of the console’s modern classics for $29.99, which is the cheapest price we’ve seen. The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild, Super Mario Odyssey, and Mario Tennis Aces are up for grabs at $30 off ($29.99), though Target mentions that stock will be limited.The Sony PlayStation 4 Slim console (with 1TB of storage) will be $199.99, and it includes three games with purchase: The Last of Us Remastered, God of War, and Horizon: Zero Dawn.Microsoft’s Xbox One X console will be cheaper than ever on Black Friday. Normally $499.99, the console alone now costs $349.99 at Target, but during Black Friday sales, it will cost the same price, but it will come bundled with a $40 gift card and Gears 5.Google’s new Nest Mini smart speaker is $29. This is a $20 price drop from its regular price, and it’s well worth the cost if you use Google services and want a speaker that can be mounted to your wall out of the box.The Google Nest Hub smart display is $79, which is $50 off of its usual price. It’s been pretty easy to find this product going at this rate, or less, but if you’re in a pinch on Black Friday, this is an excellent deal if you’re looking for a display that excels as a digital picture frame sans camera.The latest generation of Amazon’s Kindle Paperwhite e-reader is $84.99. It’s usually $129.99. At this pricing, we expect it to be for the model that comes with special offers (i.e., Amazon ads on the lock screen). Still, this beats the best price that we’ve seen by a handful of dollars.Amazon’s new, third-generation Echo is $40 off on Black Friday at Target, down to $59.99. This is a doorbuster sale, so stock at this price may be limited.Also, the new Amazon Fire HD 10 tablet that charges via USB-C is currently $50 off, bringing the price down to $99.99. Amazon will also offer this deal, as well as the other Amazon-related offers above, but this is a good option if you’re shopping around at other retailers, like Target.GoPro’s Hero 8 Black camera bundle that includes a head strap, spare battery, and a 32GB microSD card is $349.99, a $100 discount for this kit, and $50 cheaper than the camera usually costs on its own. Hulu’s Black Friday deal is here, and offering a pretty low price for new subscribers, who can get their first year of service on the streaming site for just $1.99 per month, or $23.88 total. That’s 66 percent off of what Hulu usually costs ($5.99 per month), making it one of the cheapest ways to get Hulu, short of borrowing your friend’s login. There are, of course, a few catches: the $1.99 price is only for new customers, or former customers who haven’t subscribed to Hulu in the last 12 months (so you can’t say, cancel your current plan and get the discounted price for a year if you already subscribe.) You also can’t combine the deal with any other promotions or free trials — including the popular $12.99 per month bundle that also includes Disney+ and ESPN+. Lastly, the deal is only for the ad-supported version of Hulu, so you’ll still have to suffer through the service’s agonizingly repetitive ads. And the price goes back up to the usual $5.99 after the first year, too.Even with the caveats, though, it’s still one of the lowest prices around on Hulu. You’ll have until 11:59 PM PST on December 2nd to sign up at the discounted price. Costco’s Black Friday sale is underway, and while members will get the most of its discounts, some of them are even open for non-members. Costco was one of the first retailers to debut big Black Friday deals on Dell’s XPS 13, the latest MacBook Pro, as well as the Apple Watch Series 5. Many retailers have since jumped onboard with those offers, but there are still some excellent offers that you can check out below.  Plenty of Apple products, including the new iPad, Apple Watch, MacBook Pro, and more are seeing big discounts for Black Friday. Apple itself isn’t offering straight price cuts, but is offering Apple Store gift cards worth up to $200 on various purchases during its four-day shopping event that ends as Cyber Monday concludes. Meanwhile, there are some noteworthy discounts you might want to check out at Best Buy, Target, Amazon, B&H Photo, and Walmart. We’re seeing the best-ever pricing on the new seventh-generation iPad, the Apple Watch Series 3 and Series 4 smartwatches, AirPods, and Apple’s new MacBook Air and MacBook Pro. If you missed out on getting a good deal on the iPhone 11 or iPhone 11 Pro, you’ll have another chance.The latest iteration of the AirPods, both with and without the wireless charging case, are discounted at several retailers for Black Friday. At their most affordable, you can usually expect to pay $159.99, but Best Buy and Walmart each sell them for $139.99 right now.If you want to be able to pop them onto your wireless charger, the model that includes a case that supports your wire-free lifestyle is usually $199.99, but will be down to $159.99 at B&H Photo starting Thanksgiving Day. It costs $164.99 right now at Best Buy and it’s just a little more at Target at $169.99.If you’re looking for the AirPods Pro, you can find them for $234.99 ($15 off) at Amazon, but they might not ship for two months!We’re seeing the biggest deals so far on the seventh-generation iPad, which is great because it recently released. As for why you should pick the new iPad over the sixth-generation model, it comes down to a little extra RAM, a bigger screen (10.2 inches versus 9.7 inches), and a Smart Connector port. Otherwise, you’ll find the same processor inside.The seventh-gen iPad with 32GB of storage costs $249.99 right now at Amazon, Best Buy and Target. If you want more storage, the 128GB model is $329.99 (usually $429.99) at Amazon and Best Buy. It’s $349.99 at Target.We aren’t seeing deals on the unlocked iPhone 11, 11 Pro, or 11 Pro Max. However, several retailers will be discounting them via activation with carriers.Starting on Thanksgiving Day, November 28th, if you’re looking for a discount on an iPhone 11 Pro, you may be able to buy one for as little as $499 (roughly half off), but only if you activate a new line with an installment plan on Verizon, AT&T, or Sprint and also trade in your old phone. How much you pay overall will depend on how much trade-in value your phone has. After activating it and trading in your old phone, the final cost for the iPhone 11 after your installment plan is paid off will be $199.Over at Target, the iPhone deals kick off on Black Friday and last through Sunday. You can get a $200 gift card when you activate either the iPhone 11, 11 Pro, or 11 Pro Max with Verizon or AT&T. Target will also offer a $200 gift card for the iPhone XS or iPhone XS Max, which cost less per month than the iPhone 11 Pro or Pro Max.Amazon and Costco have debuted a new deal on the Apple Watch Series 5, and both the 40mm and 44mm models are now just $54 more than the Series 4 in their respective sizes. The GPS version of the 40mm Series 5 smartwatch is down to $354.99 (Amazon, Costco), which is $24 off of its usual price. The 44mm version Series 5 is $384.99 (Amazon, Costco), which is also $24 cheaper than usual.Apple’s Series 3 and Series 4 smartwatches are seeing big discounts during Black Friday, and for the first time, prices are getting closer to the $150 mark. Right now, the Apple Watch Series 3 (38mm, GPS) is $129.99 sold out at Walmart. The LTE-connected version of the 38mm Series 3 is $199.99 $229.99 at Walmart. The 42mm version of that Watch with GPS connectivity is $199.99 sold out at Walmart.If you want the Series 4, which has a similar look to the newer Series 5, Best Buy and Amazon are selling the 40mm GPS version for $299 (usually $349). The LTE-connected Series 4 Watch with 40mm sizing is $349 at Best Buy.The larger 44mm model is $329 (normally $379) at Best Buy, and the LTE-connected version of this size costs $379 (usually $479) at Best Buy.The 2019 MacBook Air with a dual-core Intel Core i5 processor, 8GB of RAM, 128GB of SSD storage, and a True Tone display that matches its color temperature with the available light in the room is $200 off at Best Buy right now. If you want to double the storage to 256GB, that model is also $200 off at Best Buy, down to $1,099.99.The latest 13.3-inch MacBook Pro is $200 off at Best Buy and Amazon (only the $1,299 256GB model is available), too. Prices start at $1,099.99 for the model with a quad-core Intel Core i5 processor, 8GB of RAM, 128GB of SSD storage, and a Touch Bar. If you want to double the storage, it costs $1,299 (usually $1,499.99). Security researchers at SRLabs have found a number of vulnerabilities with the way carriers around the world are implementing RCS, the new messaging standard designed to replace SMS, Motherboard reports. In some cases, these issues could compromise a user’s location data, they could allow their text messages or calls to be intercepted, or they might allow their phone number to be spoofed. One issue identified on an unnamed carrier’s implementation could allow any app on your phone to download your RCS configuration file, for example, giving the app your username and password and allowing it to access all your voice calls and text messages. In another case, the six-digit code a carrier uses to verify a user’s identity was vulnerable to being guessed through brute force by a third-party. These problems were found after researchers analyzed a sample of SIM cards from several different carriers.RCS is a new messaging standard that’s designed to one day replace SMS as a means of sending text messages. It supports many of the features introduced by modern messaging clients like iMessage and WhatsApp including read receipts and typing indicators (although not end-to-end encryption), in a cross-platform standard that different companies can integrate with. The researchers did not identify any problems with the standard itself; it’s the way carriers are rolling it out that’s the problem.SRLabs didn’t share which security holes were found with which carriers, but noted that the standard is being implemented by at least 100 carriers around the world, including the four US majors. “We find that is actually a step backwards for a lot of networks [compared to SMS],” Karsten Nohl from SRLabs told Motherboard. “All of these mistakes from the 90s are being reinvented, reintroduced.” When contacted for comment, a spokesperson for the trade body that represents network operators, the GSMA, told Motherboard that researchers from SRLabs will be presenting their findings to the organization next week, and that they believed their are countermeasures available to fix the issues they’ve identified. “We are grateful to the researchers for allowing the industry the opportunity to consider their findings. The GSMA welcomes any research that enhances the security and user confidence of mobile services,” the spokesperson said.Despite its advantages over SMS, RCS has been slow to roll out. The standard was announced last year, but it wasn’t until this month that Google started making it the primary texting platform for Android Messages, and that change won’t affect the best-selling Android phone manufacturer in the US, Samsung, because by default it offers its own messaging client. AT&T, Verizon, T-Mobile, and Sprint are also planning on offering support via their own texting app next year. Meanwhile, Apple has declined to comment on whether it will support the standard.SRLabs will be presenting its findings at the Black Hat Europe conference in December, after showing off some of its work at the DeepSec conference today. If you’re always forgetting your passwords, or losing the piece of paper you’ve written them on, it may be time to switch to a password manager. A password manager is a great way to keep your accounts secure. It can create strong passwords for you, store them securely, and automatically log you into sites and apps, so you don’t have to go searching for your passwords.1Password, a password manager that we recommend, is offering an exclusive Black Friday deal for readers of The Verge. Today only, you can save 50 percent off of your first year of 1Password. An individual account normally costs $2.99 per month, so with the deal, the monthly cost will come down to $1.50.This deal will be active until early Saturday morning November 30th at 2:59AM ET / late Friday night November 29th at 11:59PM PT. The deal is only valid for new individual accounts. In addition to being a repository for your passwords, 1Password offers two-factor authentication, and will alert you to any possible security weaknesses that might impact you, such as breaches and unsecured HTTP sites. Additionally, 1Password allows you to sync passwords, credit card information, and secure notes across devices, whether you’re using the Mac, Windows, Android, iOS, or web version. From tomorrow, November 30th, it will be illegal to fly a drone weighing over 250g in the UK without being registered, reports BBC News. That makes today the deadline for registration. In order to do so, you’ll need to head over to this page on the Civil Aviation Authority’s (CAA) website where you can register for an operator ID (if you’re responsible for a drone) and flyer ID (to fly drones). You must be at least 13-years old for a flyer ID, and pass a 20-question multiple choice test. The pass mark is 16, and you can repeat the 20-minute test as many times as needed. You have to be at least 18 for an operator ID which costs £9 annually. Failure to register risks a £1,000 fine.In spite of how easy it is to get registered, the CAA says that less than half (50,000) of the UK’s estimated 130,000 drone users have registered their details so far, according to BBC News.Like in the US, you only have to register drones if they’re over 250g in weight.  That makes the recently-announced 249g DJI Mavic Mini exempt, if you’re absolutely determined not to give the CAA £9. Best Buy came out swinging with Black Friday sales early in November, and has delivered deal after deal ever since. All of its deal are now live both online and in-store. A few of the deals are exclusive to My Best Buy members (Best Buy’s free membership service), but almost all of the others are open to the general public. Below, you’ll find some impressive deals on laptops, phones, headphones, the latest tablets, and much more.The Surface Pro 7 (Intel Core i3, 4GB RAM, 128GB storage, with black Type Cover) is $599. This silver-colored model typically costs $749 for the tablet alone, plus another $129 for the Type Cover. According to Tom Warren’s review, you can expect some minor but welcome improvements here, like a USB-C port for charging and a bump up to Intel’s 10th Gen processors across the board (including in this discounted model).If you want an upgraded version that has a faster processor and more RAM, that Surface Pro 7 model is down to $799.The HP Spectre x360 2-in-1 laptop (15.6-inch 4K display, 10th Gen Intel Core i7, 16GB RAM, 512GB SSD) is currently $1,099 (usually $1,599).The seventh-generation iPad (32GB) is $80 off and the 128GB version is $100. These deals are both available now, but only if you log into your My Best Buy account which you can create for free. These rival the best deals from any retailer on the new iPad. Compared to the previous generation iPad, this one has improvements like a Smart Connector port, a bigger screen, and an extra gigabyte of RAM, though the processor is the same. The latest MacBook Air is currently $200 off, starting at $899.99 for the base model with 128GB of storage, 8GB of RAM, and an Intel Core i5 dual-core processor. HP’s prebuilt Omen Obelisk desktop PC is $899.99, down from $1,249. Inside of its case, you’ll find Intel’s i7-9700 CPU, 16GB of RAM, the Nvidia GTX 1660 Ti graphics card, a 1TB hard drive, and a 256GB SSD. The custom micro ATX case supports other motherboards if you decide to upgrade down the line, and, of course, you can swap the parts out as you please. But as it stands, this is a great value for all of these parts tossed into a well-built case.The 15.6-inch MSI GS65 gaming laptop is now $1,399.99 (marked down from $1,899) and features a 240Hz 1080p display, Intel’s i7-9750H processor, 32GB of RAM, Nvidia’s RTX 2060 GPU, 512GB of PCIe storage, and a Thunderbolt port, among other features. Simply put, this is a fantastic deal that’s worth pursuing if you’re looking for a laptop that can outperform anything at this price range.For an extra $100 ($1,499), Best Buy has the Asus ROG Strix SCAR II 17.3-inch gaming laptop. It has an RTX 2070 GPU, but lacks the MSI’s fast refreshing display, and it has an 8th Gen Intel CPU instead of a 9th Gen chip.Dell’s 17.3-inch G7 gaming laptop is now $1,099.99 (usually $1,499), and it shares a lot in common with the MSI machine above. It has the same processor, graphics card, storage configuration, and Thunderbolt port. However, it’s much heavier, it has half the amount of RAM, and its display is locked at 60Hz. If those features don’t matter much to you, you can save $300 by purchasing this model.Sonos Beam soundbar will be $319.99 (usually $399.99) and include a $20 Best Buy gift card. This soundbar is simple to set up, and it provides a big boost to your TV’s likely limited built-in speakers.Insignia’s 58-inch 4K HDR TV with Amazon Fire TV software built in will cost $199.99 starting on Thanksgiving, and it will come with a free Amazon Echo Dot smart speaker. The Samsung 70-inch 4K HDR TV from its 6-series lineup is already marked down to $549.99 (usually $899.99). That’s a lot of TV for your money.LG’s 65-inch B9 OLED 4K HDR TV is $1,799.99, discounted from $2,299.99. If you’re looking for the TV that will yield the best image quality for under $2,000, this is a good bet.The Microsoft Xbox One X console is currently $349.99 (usually $499.99) and includes Star Wars Jedi: Fallen Order. The game alone costs $60, so getting it for free with the discounted console is a steal.Best Buy sells the Nintendo Switch console for $299.99, and it comes with a free download code for Mario Kart 8 Deluxe with purchase. It’s important to note that the console looped into this deal is the launch model, not the newer version with improved battery life. But it’s no less capable at running games, and no less fun to play.Nintendo Joy-Con controller pairs (neon blue and red, or gray) are $59.99 (usually $79.99)The PS4 Slim console with 1TB of storage is now $199.99 ($100 off) and includes The Last of Us: Remastered, God of War, and Horizon: Zero Dawn with purchase. One of last year’s best deals was this model, but with a single game included.If you’re looking for a discount on an iPhone 11 Pro, you can get one for $499 (roughly half off), but only if you activate a new line with Verizon, AT&T, or Sprint (and pay on an installment plan), and trade in your phone. A similar deal applies to the cheaper iPhone 11, too. Given its lower price, activating and trading in your old phone will only set you back $199 after your installment plan is up.Moto’s G7 is $149.99. This matches the best price that we’ve seen. If you’re on the hunt for an affordable, capable phone that’s good enough to top our list of best budget-friendly phones, this is your next phone. Samsung’s Galaxy S10 and Note 10 series phones are currently $400 off with activation or $200 off unlocked. However, there are better deals at other retailers, and some of those deals include free galaxy buds.The Google Pixel 4 is $400 off on Black Friday for those who are activating a new line on Verizon, AT&T, or Sprint. If you’re looking for an unlocked Pixel 4 or Pixel 4 XL, you can get $200 off right now through December 2nd. Either way, it’s a huge discount for a phone that has only been out for a couple of months.Google Pixel 3A costs $299 unlocked, saving you $100. Best Buy says that you’ll save an additional $50 if you activate it in the store.The Sony WH-1000X M3 over-ear, noise-canceling wireless headphones are $279.99 (usually $349.99). These are among the best wireless headphones that you can buy, and they stand out from the competition with their masterful balance of comfort, sound quality, and excellent noise cancellation. This price matches the lowest that we’ve seen, and it may fall more as we get closer to Black Friday, but you’ll be getting a lot for your money whether or not you wait.Beats Studio 3 over-ear, noise-canceling wireless headphones are currently $199.99 (usually $349.99). This is the best price that we’ve seen, and the lowest that’s currently available for a new set of these cans. Like the Sony’s above, these have active noise cancellation, but they feature Apple’s W1 wireless chip for fast, easy connection to other Apple devices, like your iPhone, iPad, or macOS computer. However, they charge via Micro USB, which might be their most glaring flaw compared to other flagship headphones.Jabra’s Elite 65t are $99.99 right now (usually $169.99), the most affordable price that we’ve seen. If you don’t want to pay upward of $150 for AirPods, or have an Android phone, these are worthy of your attention. The Epic Games Store isn’t the only digital PC shop with great deals for Black Friday. GOG.com, best-known for its robust collection of classic games and lack of DRM, is offering discounts on a huge range of games, including excellent indies, old-school RPGs, recent releases like Gris and A Plague Tale: Innocence, and slightly older — but still excellent — titles like No Man’s Sky, Firewatch, and The Witcher 3. There’s a lot to go through — and you can check out the full deals list here — but a few of the best are highlighted below. The sale is on until December 3rd. What’s it going to take to convince Xbox boss Phil Spencer to make a VR-compatible Xbox? Earlier this week, Spencer said in an interview with Stevivor that “nobody’s asking for VR” on Microsoft’s consoles, and has followed that up on Twitter by saying that even after playing the highly-anticipated-yet-unreleased VR title Half-Life: Alyx he’s still not convinced. “It’s just not our focus with Scarlett,” tweeted Spencer, referring to the Project Scarlett codename for the company’s 2020 console. However, he admitted that Valve’s upcoming game was “amazing” when he got to play it.In the original interview with Stevivor, Spencer raised “issues” with the current state of VR. “It’s isolating,” he said, adding that his priority with Xbox was on “responding to what our customers are asking for.” He added that thanks to its availability through other means, nobody was asking for virtual reality on Xbox consoles.Spencer’s comments were met with criticism from some parts of the VR community, including Sony’s Shuhei Yoshida who playfully subtweeted Spencer to say that Sony “oftentimes work[s] hard to make things that no customers are asking for.”Fair feedback. I've said publically, I love how our industry has pioneered: AI, physics, 3D, RT, VR/AR etc.  For us, it's about focus on our innovations right now. I've played some great VR games, I got to play HL:Alyx in the summer, amazing. It's just not our focus with ScarlettIt’s not surprising that a Sony employee would tweet in defense of VR. After all, Sony released a VR headset for its console over three years ago, and has confirmed that this headset will continue to work with the upcoming PlayStation 5. The Xbox brand, meanwhile, has had a more inconsistent relationship with VR over the years. When the Xbox One X was first announced under the Project Scorpio codename, Microsoft proudly boasted that it would be powerful enough to support the same kind of “high-end VR” offered on the PC platform. However, a year later when Scorpio officially became the Xbox One X, VR was nowhere to be seen, and Microsoft later announced that it had completely dropped its plans to support VR on its consoles.Now, it sounds like the situation isn’t due to change as Microsoft moves into the next console generation. And unfortunately, even getting an early look at one of VR’s most anticipated titles wasn’t enough to change Spencer’s mind. The newest, fastest iteration of the Roku Ultra is now half price for Black Friday. You can snag the streaming box, which supports 4K and comes bundled with JBL headphones, for $48 on Amazon right now. The media player typically costs $99. While the 2019 version of the Ultra looks virtually identical to its predecessor, it comes with a few welcome changes beyond the included earbuds. That includes a faster quad-core processor, additional memory, and a remote with customizable shortcut buttons. It’s the higher-end streaming option amongst Roku’s various offerings — which makes today’s sale even more enticing. 